it's kind of hard I may have to go a
little further down with my value than
what I had thought because I don't know
that this is looking to get when you
just fade the white away and I want to
be able to keep this clean so I'm going
to come in there with my for age maybe
re-establish a couple spaces in there
then I can still come in and tap out
look out see how thick that one looks
there it's more because it just crossed
over but still it was maybe a bigger
skid mark there when I landed my eraser
but if I'm not willing to go in and and
refine it or whatever I'm gonna be just
stuck all the time with what what's
happening you know I'll just complain
about the fact that never worked out
right so I'm always sneaking in you know
a little a little clean edge here and
there a few more eraser strokes here and
there let's try to get just you know
there's a few of these places that you
see what happens if we do good we will
we may find out that they're just flat
out if noxious here and taking all the
attention away from everything else and
there's no explanation for it it's just
doing it for the sake of doing it and I
don't want to do that either so then I'm
going to hop over this making sure that
I have you know the opportunity to put
this blade in front of it and and hop
over this one trying to make sure I
still have everything going in the right
direction you know because if I come
down here and make a curl I come over
here expecting this to be a continuation
of it again just like I talked about
earlier we want things to have a
believable what where we send it off
behind something we wanted to we want to
anticipate it coming out the other side
in many cases so
and and the direction we send it off
will determine a lot of what our minds
decide is going on in areas where we
can't see it
and we our brains just anticipate so
many things depending on what the what
our minds see really powerful hi I hope
you enjoyed this video
the sexer and if you did please take the
opportunity to subscribe then that way
you'll know and there's new ones and I
always hope that they're going to be
useful for you and give you some good
information and and if you want to share
it with your friends I'd appreciate that
too and we'll look forward to seeing you
next time Thanks
you